Sign up modification:
Can you fix the sign up process? Make the input fields retain its values when the user has entered values and clicked the sign up button but there is a error in any of the input fields. (errors like duplicated values in database, error in firstname and last name like inclusion of numbers in it, error in email address like if the inputted email address is not valid like it has no @ or gmail dot com, error in birthday like inputting years that has not been present like 2026 above and not realistic for academic years the student has. For example this year is 2025, what birth year will it take for a student to be able to take the senior high school stage ? ? then subtract that year into 2025 to assess if the year inputted is valid. You understand me?). Please make also an indication like the check box of terms and service something like that below of the form before accessing the create account button indicating that all the data entries here are private and secure and will use only for the guidance office.



Student side modification:
Add a notification on the student side like a red button on the buttons inside the dashboard page for every buttons for dass-21 assessment when the assessment is available, if there is a new message for the student.



Admin side modification (Creation of Faculty Admin):
After meeting with the client, i have many changes i want for the admin side. First, we need to modify admin roles, there is the guidance office admin for the overall admin work, and a faculty admin for class adviser role. The guidance office admin will have a little modification, it needs to be able to create edit and delete users that has a role of faculty admin. Note that if you need to modify the database to do this request, do it. The guidance office admin will have a extra button in the sidebar that will act as a "View Class Advisers" like button that will go to a different page. That different page will now handle the processes of creating, modifying, and deleting of every respective section's adviser. After landing on that page, the first display would be the San Jose City National High School - Senior High School class advisers table. The name of the Teacher, its respective grade and section advisory class, and an action button "View Student List". You need to organize that table for the guidance office admin to be able to easily access the page. Like make the table structured to firstly The strands, then upon clicking a specific strand, it will open grade level of grade 11, and 12, then after that upon clicking one of the grade, it will open and display list of sections with the name of advisers in that sections and also the action button i said earlier. Make a pagination on every lists so that the user will not have hard time scrolling down when data exceeds more than 10 on a table. This list can also be modified by the guidance office admin, for example edit the details of the teacher that handles the class, delete the entire section along with the adviser/ teacher. You also need to organize the dashboard page of the guidance office admin side so that the dashboard will look clean, like the viewing of recent mood logs, recent high risk students, and Recent Student Activity of students will now be displayed on the new "View Class Advisers" tab on the sidebar. You can also add a button in the dashboard for the "View Class Advisers" page. 

Basically the main purpose of faculty/ adviser admin role is to monitor its respective grade and section that he/ she handles during class. I also want that role to be able to have private one on one chat with the student he is handling in the grade and section (for example 12-MARX). Now the student can select in their side if who they want to be consulted with, the admin faculty or the admin guidance office. Make the admin faculty have also the same function as the admin guidance office in the chat process like the suggested response. Make the style of this page into a high level detailed and interactive for the teachers so that they can easily manage this page.  The dashboard will be looked like the guidance office dashboard but limited to the only grade and section the faculty admin handles in his class.

After that, there is also a buttons inside that page that will handle the creation of class advisers with their respective grade and section that he/ she handles, full name of the adviser, email, password, number of students in his/ her class. Please make a detailed validation on that process, i do not want duplicated data, 2 advisers on 1 section, and every error or not possible things the creation of admin faculty will have.


In Admin  Generate Report, when clicking the buttons Summary Report, Detailed Analysis, Risk Assessment and Trend Analysis, add a panel that shows a choices to generate report for Strand or Grade Level. This will also the modification in the export data process, so that the admin can choose what strand, section, grade, genders for the exportation of data.


If you can do, like sending a gmail to the email inputted by the guidance office admin in the faculty/ adviser admin upon user creation for the faculty admin to be able to access its password. Then after the faculty admin logged in to the page, he/ she can change password so that the guidance office admin will not have access to the teacher's account.